Hey, everyone.
Hey, Brian.
Good to be back.
It's good to be back. I'm back in a place with somewhat controlled audio,
although I'm having a bunch of tree work done,
and one of those giant tree grinding machines is literally outside my window.
However, I got a new microphone,
and I believe it didn't even pick it up.
It's ridiculous.
So it has a bunch of onboard software stuff built into the mic, and it's good.
So it might not even affect us.
Does it have a bunch of AI in there so they can correct your grammar if you say something wrong?
That would be cool.
No, but it has noise gates and noise reduction and high-pass filters and stuff like that.
Okay, with that, let's go ahead and kick this off.
Hello, and welcome to Python Bytes,
where we deliver Python news and headlines directly to your earbuds.
This is episode 382, recorded May 7, 2024.
I don't know if you caught it last time, but I was a year behind last year.
I said 2023 last time I was doing the show intro.
But no, it is in fact 2024, despite what I believe about time.
It seems like it's going too fast.
Nonetheless, May 7, 2024.
I'm Michael Kennedy.
And I'm Brian Okken.
And this show is brought to you by Scout APM.
Check them out during their segment.
It really helps support the show.
Connect with us on Mastodon.
All three of us are over there.
Links are at the top of the show notes.
Pythonbytes.fm/live, usually Tuesdays at 10 a.m. Pacific time.
And finally, Brian, I know we sometimes talk about our newsletter,
but people are subscribing, and they're getting a lot of value out of it.
So if you want an artisanal handcrafted digest of all the stuff we talked about
in the show, deliver an email form so it's permanent right there.
You can forward it, share it.
All you got to do is head over to Pythonbytes.fm,
click the newsletter link right in the center of the screen,
and bring it to the friends of the show.
Keep your email private. We don't share it.
We don't do anything weird with it.
We just want to be able to send you stuff about the show.
So people are really getting a lot out of this, Brian.
I checked last week the email that you sent.
Normal.
If you're doing good, if you're lucky, if people really want to hear from you,
there's a chance that about 20% of people will open emails that you send
in a newsletter form to them.
The one you sent was like 95% opened.
That's awesome.
That is so awesome.
Thank you, everyone, for actually caring and subscribing.
So Pythonbytes.fm, click on "Newsletter" and sign up for it.
That would be great.
One of the things I wanted to bring up is now there's two ways.
If there's something that you heard on the show but you can't remember
what it was, you can search your inbox if you save it,
save our old emails from us.
We haven't talked about it a lot, but the search box on Pythonbytes.fm
is excellent.
It searches both the show notes and the transcript.
So even if it wasn't listed but it was said,
it might find the right episode for you.
Yeah, absolutely.
I actually use that to decide, "Oh, have we talked about this thing before?
Three years and I already forgot about it or should I cover it?"
Yeah, exactly.
Amazing.
Amazing, amazing.
All right, so we jump in to the first topic?
Let's do it.
Well, I want to act on that information with a product called ACT.
And it's from Necto.
Necto's ACT--I think it's the person's name,
maybe their name is Necto and it's their ACT.
N-E-C-T-O-S-A-C-T, but it's in the show notes or in the email that you'll get
if you sign up.
Anyway, what it does, it's super cool.
It runs--what it's doing is it's running GitHub Actions locally.
So you can set up this.
What you have to do is you have to install it,
and it's got great installation instructions.
I used Homebrew, but it's got installation instructions for Chocolaty
or even GitHub CLI.
I could have used that or MacBooks or Scoop.
I don't know what Wingit is.
Anyway, getting--
You know how, for example, on Booty we have apt-get,
on Debian systems sort of thing?
Yeah.
So that is the--for a long time, Chocolaty was the package manager.
It was kind of like Homebrew, sort of external for Windows,
and Wingit is like the official Microsoft package manager for Windows.
Oh, okay.
It's kind of a new thing.
I don't use it very much because I don't use Windows enough
that I care about that stuff, but, yeah, that's what it is.
Cool.
Well, so this project, really what it does is you can run your workflows locally,
but you have to install it and you have to set up Docker locally
because it uses Docker, which actually I kind of love anyway.
So what it's doing is it's running your actions.
It loads up a Docker image and runs your actions.
But the control over it is really pretty cool.
So I should have looked this up, but there's different runners.
But the way you run it is there's a bunch of different commands that you can run.
So you can run your pull requests or you can run a specific job.
There's a whole bunch of different parameters for this
to be able to run different pieces.
I used it just to run--I wanted to just check my test run locally
and because I wanted to play with the different test jobs and coverage,
I'd be able to run those individually.
And it really was slick, and it's super fast, really easy to use.
It's really pretty cool.
It's also open source, so nice.
We're going to link to the GitHub repo as well so you can check it out.
And apparently I'm not the only one that loves it.
It's got 1.3 thousand stars.
That's Forks, 50,000 stars.
Oh, that's Forks. There's 50,000 stars. Nice.
It's awesome. This is so awesome.
If you do a lot of GitHub Actions, this is so cool.
One, you can test it and run it faster and iterate really quickly
until you get it dialed in, right?
Yeah.
Then the other thing, Brian, that might be interesting,
I'm kind of inspired a lot by what the 37signals people are doing
around deployment and stuff.
What they did recently is they moved their continuous integration
to developer machines.
So instead of having one server where all the builds
just queue up behind each other,
everybody has a super high-end computer
that's oftentimes faster than the CI servers anyway.
So running it there is like a pre-commit hook sort of thing.
Or some sort of push, some kind of event locally.
This could let you go down that workflow as well.
If you're like, "We just want to distribute the compute
so we can make our actions run a lot faster,"
at least a good chunk of them. It's very neat.
One of their ideas for this also is to use it as a local task runner
instead of make or things like that, which is interesting.
You could have workflows that aren't reachable from CI
that you can just run locally through if you're already using it.
That's really awesome. This is great. I love it.
All right.
Since you brought up Docker, let's keep going.
Let's keep going.
I'll get there in a second.
I'm sure you're familiar with ngrok.
We've talked about how ngrok is awesome before.
It solves a super interesting problem.
I'm a big fan of it. I'm a pain user of it.
We'll see if I continue to be, honestly, after I read this out.
However, I'm a big fan of it.
There's all these situations where you need to easily get access.
Something on your machine, in terms of an API or a website,
needs access to the internet just for testing
or just for a demonstration purpose.
How often are you in a Zoom meeting and somebody's like,
"Hey, I want to show you this new design and this new user interaction.
So let me share my screen."
And then they're on a huge monitor and it's blurry.
And you're like, "I think I like it. I don't know."
But with ngrok, you just say, "Here, everybody connect to my little local dev app
and click on this and see how you think it feels."
Or you want to debug a webhook,
which has to come from the internet to somewhere public.
So you can just fire up an ngrok endpoint or use SSH
or what would be regular web requests into your machine
that turn back into web requests, hit Flask or FastAPI or whatever it is.
I did it for webhooks a bunch recently and also for mobile apps.
When Lauren and I were building out the mobile apps,
they had to talk to and just do some callbacks and other things.
And we were testing out the API.
And we were like, "Here, we'll fire up an ngrok."
And he'd be on his phone running the app,
debugging it, and it would be coming through the API,
hitting breakpoints in PyCharm. Awesome, right?
But it's more of an individual type of tool
and also closed source and paid.
Not that those are terrible, but that's what they are.
So I want to tell you about Porter, like P-O-T-R,
which is an open source ngrok alternative.
So the idea is exactly the same
that I just described. However, the way it works...
Don't watch the video, it's not very bad.
Go to the docs instead.
Similar though to ACT, it has not as many, but 2,000 stars.
How old is it? Six months old?
For a six-month-old project, that's pretty good.
Basically, to set it up on the server,
it says a virtual machine.
You need a machine.
It could be a VM on the internet, it could be a VM locally,
it could be a real machine sitting
on a beat-up laptop in the corner with a public IP.
Who knows? Whatever.
You need some kind of pretty lightweight machine,
$10, $5 DigitalOcean server.
You've got to set up a Cloudflare token for wildcard
because it manages subdomains automatically
and GitHub credentials to log in.
The idea is that it's built for teams as well.
Teams can manage different ways to call back into things
and connect things and so on.
It's got a whole team dashboard.
People can set up the teams and whatnot.
Basically, you just set this up and you run a Docker container
on a simple machine and then all of a sudden,
you've got your very own ngrok,
where data also is not going through ngrok,
because it's HTTPS over to SSL and then back.
Okay.
Does ngrok set up a Docker? Does it go through Dockers also?
No. They run the server side for you.
Okay.
They completely manage the server side for you.
You just use a CLI that talks to that thing
and sets up a connection, an SSH connection back to you.
Okay.
When I'm debugging it, if I set a breakpoint or something,
do I need to set that in the Docker image?
No, the Docker image is just a pass-through.
Okay. Got it.
It really does work just like ngrok.
Yeah, it's super similar.
I haven't used it yet, but I'm looking to start trying this out.
It's pretty straightforward.
Instead of saying Docker HTTP something,
you say Porter HTTP something, and off you go.
Nice.
Pretty cool.
It sure is. You know what else is neat, Brian?
I think Scout is neat.
Scout APM is pretty awesome.
Let me tell you real quick about Scout APM.
They're big supporters of Python Bytes,
so we appreciate that very much.
If you are tired of spending hours
trying to find the root cause of issues impacting your performance,
then you owe it to yourself to check out Scout APM.
They're a leading Python application performance monitoring tool,
APM,
that helps you identify and solve performance abnormalities
faster and easier.
It also has a lot of great features,
such as memory leaks, slow database queries,
background jobs, and the dreaded N+1 queries
that you can end up if you do lazy loading in your ORM,
and then you say, "Oh, no. Why is it so slow?
Why are you doing 200 database queries for what should be one?"
You can find out things like that.
It links it back directly to source code,
so you can spend less time in the debugger and tailing logs
from developers by developers. It makes it easy to get set up.
Seriously, you can do it in less than four minutes, so that's awesome.
The best part is the pricing is straightforward.
You only pay for the data that you use with no
hidden overage fees or per-seat pricing.
I just learned this, Brian.
They provide the pro version for free
to all open-source projects.
If you're an open-source maintainer and you want to have Scout APM
and you want to get a discount,
just shoot them a message or something on their pricing page about that.
You can start your free trial and get instant insights today.
Visit pythonbytes.fm/scout.
The link is in your podcast player show notes as well.
Please use that link. Don't just search for them
because otherwise they don't think you came from us,
and then they'd stop supporting the show.
Please use our link, pythonbytes.fm/scout.
Indeed, indeed.
What's next, Brian?
I've got a little bit of type annotation.
There we go.
Are you trying to get out of here?
[laughter]
We've talked about type annotation a lot,
and I ran across this blog post called "Annotating
Keyword Args in Python," and actually,
I never tried that. I've mostly just,
if I have *args or *kwargs,
I just sort of leave it as is.
I haven't tried type annotating those.
I was intrigued as to how I would do that
if I wanted to do that, and there's an
article about it from
Redwan.
I think. What's his first name? Anyway,
Redwan Delawar. Cool name.
There's some problems
with all the ways he tried that seemed obvious,
like passing in a dictionary
that he expected. Apparently, mypy
doesn't like that, or doing
a dict, sort of describing the
tuple or a dictionary that are coming in.
There were issues with those, but I'm just going to
hop to the end result. Apparently,
using information from PEP-589, 646,
655, and 692,
there are features like unpack and
type dict along with typing that we're used to
that are part of the typing module,
and the result is kind of
cool. I mean, it's not terrible. There's a couple, there's a
pre 312 and a after 312 version.
I'm glad that he listed both, but you set up
a class
for your keyword args and describe what the types
are there in your keyword under type dict.
And then for the
star args, it's an unpack. You say an
unpack of a tuple and then the types of the tuple. So you can
do good typing as to the types
of things that you want to come into star
args or keyword args, which is kind of neat
to make sure that you think of
star args or keyword args as just anything can come in.
But if you really don't want just anything to come in,
this would be great. So I like this.
Yeah, it's cool. It's a totally reasonable thing to think.
I want to pass one number or two
numbers or 100 numbers, but whatever it is, I want to
pass one number. So I'm going to pass one number.
Yeah. Or in this example, it's either
integers or strings that I'm going to get in or
ints or bools.
I would have never come up with this. To create a class derived
from type dict with multiple values to then wrap that
as an unpacked of, okay, I'm awesome.
They have it. But this is
amazing. Yeah. Seems like there could be an easier way.
Anyway, so this is pretty cool. And he's got
some great writing. One of the other articles that I
started down this rabbit hole was a more
recent article from April 27th called typals
does what I thought type guard would do in
Python. And I don't use either type guard or
typals. So I'm not sure what these are. But if you are a type
guard person, maybe you want to check this out.
Yeah. All right. That also looks cool.
Well done. Well done. All right. I have
one more item for us here.
And it's pretty awesome, Brian.
It's pretty awesome. Awesome.
Ever since the guy behind JustPath
got thinking about, hey, people
should use the featured on Python bytes
episode number badge. I'm like, oh, there's
probably more of these badges than I give them credit. I mean, I know
I've seen plenty of badges, but there's a lot of badges.
So this is a GitHub repo with a thousand stars
that is a curated list of GitHub badges for your project.
And let me tell you, what are you
interested in, Brian? You want to talk about contacts? You want to talk
about groups, socials, operating systems?
Where are you streaming? What kind of tests?
What kind of food do you want? For example.
Well, that's under the tests category.
I don't think that's the level.
I think the test got unindented for some reason.
What kind of terminal do you rock and so on?
So I'll just pick a couple, just to give
people a sense, because I don't want to read a list of
a bunch of it. Like, for example, you see the scroll bar, Brian?
I mean, this is a lot.
So under contact, you've obviously got email, but
if you want to be specific, say, hit me in my Gmail
or hit me up on my ProtonMail, you can
actually have those as badges. You can have Signal, Telegram,
Tutanota,
how do we say that?
WhatsApp, WeChat, all those things are pretty cool.
For groups, you have Slack, Discord, Zoom.
Apparently, I think Zoom is getting into trying to be more
Slack-like, even though I never use it for that. Reddit and so on.
Under social, that would be
Bitbuckets?
Social coding, I guess.
I don't know.
But GitLab, Instagram, Pinterest, Quora, Reddit, etc.
And then you've got some for
the OS, right? Not just really standard ones, but
like SintOS or Deepin or
whatever. But also, there are little icons that go with them.
Like, the red hat is red, but it also has the hat.
There's the red hat one.
I'll just go down a little bit and find some more of the uncommon ones
down here.
ETL, that sounds boring.
Like mobile frameworks,
so they've got Flutter, for example.
The app I was just talking about earlier, the talk Python is built on Flutter.
We could have that, or Ionic, or Cordova, or
Xamarin, whatever you want. Isn't that cool?
Yeah, that's pretty fun.
What security platform is it using? Is it like, "This is verified by Snyk."
And so on.
Anyway, so if you're thinking about your next project or your GitHub profile or whatever,
I present to you many, many GitHub badges for the taking.
Yeah, let's see if I can get like
four rows of badges onto a project. That'd be fun.
Exactly.
Well, any other extras?
Wait, that wasn't your extra.
That's not an extra, but I do have extras.
I'll go ahead and go through them since I've already got my stuff on the screen for us.
So this one comes from the Django
not folks.
So the Django not program is a program to help
people who are interested in Django become core contributors,
not just users of, but contributors to
the Django code base.
So it's kind of like a mentorship program around that, which is excellent.
And you must act soon.
You have six days to apply.
So the session two application is open.
I actually interviewed
Sarah
Boyce and Tushar Gupta
about their experiences running and coordinating
the first one back on Talk Python.
March.
Yeah, March this year.
So if you want to hear more about it and you think maybe I want to apply to it,
well, you've got six days to do so, to be part of it.
It doesn't cost anything, but there is an application process,
which is cool.
That was fun. And then I was on
Django Chat, the Django Chat podcast
with Will and Carlton.
Yeah, I do too.
Those guys are both great.
We talked all about this whole new deployment style
and self-hosted open source and all these different things
that I've been sort of talking on and off
about the show here.
But we spent a good chunk of the show just talking about
how am I running things for Talk Python and for Python Bytes
and for a bunch of other stuff.
And it's just really fun.
So people can check that out.
Extras for you?
Yeah, I'm going to start off with some bad news and then some good news.
I came across this from Bleeping Computer, but I saw it on a whole bunch of websites.
Fake job interviews
targets developers with new Python
backdoor. And it's just awful.
It's nefarious and evil.
And the idea of a lot of viruses
is to try to get people to run code,
sneak in stuff to run code.
They're just going straight to developers and saying,
"Hey, as part of the interview process, we'd like you to
download this repo and run the code in there."
And then I don't know what they're telling them to do after that,
but it's too late at that point. At that point, they've just run the virus.
So that's just awful.
Anyway, be careful if you're doing a job interview
and they say, "Hey, go run some code."
Maybe don't or look into it a little bit more.
It's so bad, though, because it could just be, "Well, all you've got to do
is pip install the requirements and take this project and then add this little feature
and show us how you did it." That already runs arbitrary code from the internet.
Yeah. Oh, yeah, it could. Just awful.
That wouldn't...
Yikes. Anyway, okay, so that's bad news.
Good news. Good news is this is the week that I'm going to switch the course.
The pytest course is a complete pytest course.
It's going from teachable to a new platform, Podium.
And it's just the reasoning is...
You don't want to hear the reasoning, but mostly it's the future
that I'm working with for more courses and more things I want to do with people
teaching pytest and other things.
It fits better with Podium platform than with teachable.
So to sort of celebrate the switch, I haven't made the switch yet.
It's going to happen this week, but you can already get to this new one.
It's at pythontest.podium.com.
And now through Sunday, you get 25% off if you use the code "pytest."
And that's P-Y-T-E-S-T.
And you can find that link in the show notes also.
Okay, so and lastly, I know PyCon is coming up.
I won't be at PyCon, but I know a lot of great people will be.
And so to celebrate PyCon, I have episode 220 at Python Test
that's getting the most out of PyCon and some great tips from Rob Ludwick
about having fun at PyCon.
So check that out.
Indeed.
Yeah, I'm going to be doing probably a data science panel podcast
that's also going to be live streamed with the JetBrains crew over there.
So that'll be a lot of fun.
And we'll probably do Python Bytes, but since you're not there,
probably not an open space in-person one.
Probably just sneak away to a quiet spot and we'll do it like this.
Different background.
All right, awesome.
Is that it?
I have one more, one last minute one, which I thought was cool.
Just one I just threw in.
I saw this on Aston just before we started recording.
Somebody named Orion Reed posted this bookmarklet
that to visualize your DOM,
it's a JavaScript bookmarklet to visualize your DOM in 3D.
I love it.
So cool.
Just like silly, who cares?
But if you're looking at why is this thing overlapping that thing,
what about Z ordering or why is this actually contained in that
versus next to that, all that kind of stuff,
you would see from this 3D rotational thing.
It's beautiful.
Yeah, it's pretty neat.
I'll link to that.
That's all my extras.
So there's a question out there, Brian.
This is an important one.
Who will carry the Python staff of power at PyCon, Brian?
Who will do this?
I don't know.
I don't know, but I think there's going to be a great disturbance in the force
is what I'm feeling.
Speaking of which, how about a joke?
I have two jokes for people.
One, very heartfelt and sincere,
and we're going to close out the show with that.
But first one, a sneaky little game.
So this comes from Reddit, and it's just on r/programminghumor.
It's just a little game, and it says,
"Import random, import OS, randomly get a number.
Guess equals input.
Silly game, guess a number between 1 and 10,
and it converts it to an int."
So you would think, of course, if guess equals number, you won.
Else, sorry, try again.
No.
If guess equals number, print, you won.
Else, OS.remove C colon Windows backslash system32.
[laughter]
Ooh.
That's just terrible.
I don't think it would really work.
It would really work, but you could do it like,
you could delete your user profile.
[laughter]
You know, like stuff that doesn't require admin access.
Oh, boy.
That's funny.
Just a silly little game.
All right. Let's close this show out with something special.
I saw this come through the news a little bit.
So I think this is going to be a lot of fun, Brian.
I came across this--
Actually, no, this came from Dan Bader.
He sent this over to me.
I think it was this.
He said, "You wouldn't believe this. Check this out."
And it's called "Permission Granted.
A Sad Girl Sings the MIT Open Source License."
Like, for real.
Okay?
So it's AI-generated, which is what makes it crazy,
and it probably has Python involved in there somehow.
And since AI-generated content can't be copyrighted,
we should be safe to play it.
Let's do it. We're going to close out the show.
It's two minutes. You can listen to it if you want.
If not, feel free to bail.
But the end of the show is we're playing this.
So here we go.
[video begins]
♪ Permission is hereby granted ♪
♪ Free of charge ♪
♪ To any person obtaining ♪
♪ A copy of this software ♪
♪ Associated documentation files ♪
♪ This software ♪
♪ To deal in the software without restriction ♪
♪ Including without limitation the rights to use ♪
♪ Copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute ♪
♪ Sublacence and/or sell copies of the software ♪
♪ To permit persons to whom the software is furnished to do so ♪
♪ Subject to the following conditions ♪
♪ The above copyright notice ♪
♪ And this permission notice ♪
♪ Shall be included in all copies ♪
♪ Or substantial portions of the software ♪
♪ The software is provided as is ♪
♪ Without warranty of any kind ♪
♪ Express or implied ♪
♪ Coding but not limited to the warranties of merchant tabulating ♪
♪ Visted for a particular purpose ♪
♪ And non-infringement in no event shall be all for ♪
♪ So copyright holders be liable for any claim ♪
♪ Damages or other liability ♪
♪ Whether in an action of contract ♪
♪ Tort or otherwise ♪
Bye everyone.